/*
Title: Navigating the Client Portal
*/

When you have successfully entered all of your contact information and your 
credit card has been verified, you will gain access to the Cloud-A client portal.

The Client Portal helps you manage all of your Cloud-A account details. The 
portal lets you easily sign up, modify your billing profile and view past 
invoices.

Cloud-A provides $10 credit to new customers. We know jumping on to the 
cloud (or changing cloud providers) isn’t a decision to be taken lightly. To 
truly realize the value of the cloud, we want you to be able to run a 
full-scale deployment on our infrastructure. So, use your $10 credit however 
you like: choose from all our our instance sizes (as many as you need) and 
use all the storage you require. For more details, check out our pricing 
page. The $10 in credit will be reflected in your client portal.

## Summary Page

The summary page is the landing page of the Cloud-A client portal.

![Client Portal Summary](/img/content/101/portal-summary.png)

### Account Overview

The account overview portion of the summary page provides you with account 
details including: last invoice amount, last invoice status, any available 
account credits, your referral code for our Affiliate Program, and the 
corresponding number of accounts that you have referred.

Your referral code is your gateway to recurring revenue for getting people 
onboard the Cloud A train. When you're referring clients or friends, simply 
attach your referral code to any clouda.ca url and we'll be able to track 
it. Even easier, you can use one of the examples below.

Any new, paying customer will generate 15% recurring on any instances spun 
up by a client that you refer that isn't paid for by account credits.

### Month-to-date-Usage

The right portion of the summary page will provide you with a breakdown of 
your month-to-date-usage and breakdown your usage associated with each “SKU” 
which can be virtual machines, volume storage, Bulk Storage, load balancer, 
additional IPs.

### Last 5 Invoices

The bottom portion of the summary page will provide you with a list of your 
last 5 invoices with each date of invoice, each invoice ID and each invoice 
amount.

## Invoice Page

The invoices page provides you with a list of all the invoices that you have 
amounted while using Cloud-A infrastructure-as-a-service. The list will 
provide you with information about your invoices such as the date of each 
invoice, each invoice ID and each invoice amount.
