/*
Title: Creating Your Account
Sort: 1
*/

Our goal at Cloud-A is to make the process of procuring cloud infrastructure as
easy as possible, and that is why we have designed a simple and efficient
signup process to allow you to access your infrastructure faster.

You will only need four things to sign up for a Cloud-A account and they are a
valid email address, a password, a credit card and an address that matches the
address that your credit card has on file.

To sign up for your Cloud-A account, select “Sign Up Now” on clouda.ca main
page. You will then be prompted to enter a valid email address and password.

Once your account has been created you will have to enter valid, credit card
matching contact information.

![Contact Information](/img/content/101/contact-info.png)

Once you have entered your contact information, select “Save” and a credit card
registration window will automatically appear.

![Card Input](/img/content/101/card-save.png)

At this point you are able to enter your credit card number. As you begin
filling in your card information, we will detect the type for you. If you have
any questions about how we handle your payment information, please read our
[payment processing terms](https://www.clouda.ca/other/account-verification/).

You must verify your account by adding a credit card before making use of our
cloud infrastructure.

If you have any questions about this, please don’t hesitate to send us an email
at support@clouda.ca to talk about it.

## Why do we Verify?

This process protects us both. By validating your account, we can ensure that
you receive the highest level of end-user support as well as ensuring that the
infrastructure is not being inundated with spammers and crypto-currency miners
looking for a free place to set up shop.

Your happiness revolves around great support, and the highest quality of
service. We don't want anything to come between them.

Our stringent checks require matches from your payment provider on Address and
Zip/Postal Code. Please make sure the data you've entered matches. Occasionally
the bank will return an "unchecked" match for Address & Postal which is flagged
and requires manual validation from our team. This "unchecked" address may be
returned if you live on a Rural Route, or similar -- If you believe this to be
the case, please reach out immediately and our team will get it resolved for
you.

## Verification Process

When signing up for an account, we require that you enter your billing contact
information as well as register a valid credit card. Card data is managed
through Stripe, and no identifiable card data is stored on our servers, a token
is returned to us from Stripe so we can charge your card when invoices are due.

While your account is un-verified you still have access to manage your account
in the Client Portal, but access to the Dashboard, and APIs are not restored
until the verification process is complete.

Visa, MasterCard, and American Express credit & debit cards are accepted. We
currently do not have the ability to accept any other methods of payment (wire
transfer, PayPal, Bitcoins, etc).

## Navigating the Client Portal


When you have successfully entered all of your contact information and your
credit card has been verified, you will gain access to the Cloud-A client
portal.

![Cloud-A Client Portal](/img/content/101/client-portal.png)

The [Client Portal](https://client.clouda.ca) helps you manage all of your 
Cloud A account details. The portal lets you easily sign up, modify your 
billing profile and view past invoices, and manage your team members.

Cloud-A provides $10 credit to new customers. We know jumping on to the cloud
(or changing cloud providers) isn’t a decision to be taken lightly. To truly
realize the value of the cloud, we want you to be able to run a full-scale
deployment on our infrastructure. So, use your $10 credit however you like:
choose from all our our instance sizes (as many as you need) and use all the
storage you require. For more details, check out our pricing page. The $10 in
credit will be reflected in your client portal.
